
Lava Galaxy

Star 1: Start on Main Planet, and go to the left and head for the spiral rock in the back of the Volcano. A sling star will be at the top to take you to the Launch Star at the top of the Volcano, and obviously as you take the 
launch star, the Volcano just HAS to erupt. Planet 2 will have a platforming section with some axe shaped platforms and sinking platforms. At the end of that, a sling star takes you to a similar planet very close that has 
the same platforms but this time there will be "Unbaba" and "UnbabaSlim". After that, a launch star will take Mario to a Space Storm Tower kind of area. Assuming I'm able to actually design a cool looking tower, there will
be a bunch of lava and stuff to avoid, and the Star will simply be at the top of the tower.

Star 2: Start on Main Planet, and continue the same route as Star 1, but when at the Launch Star at the top of the volcano, don't shake and instead fall into the Volcano. A QuickWarpArea will then take Mario to a lava cave
area. (This will be VERY similar to SMG2 More's "Battlestation Galaxy", just don't have bullet bills). Use the Ice Flower to it's full advantage here, as well as all the lava platforming one could ask for. At the end, there will be a 
massive cave room with a planet in the middle with Firey Dino Piranah.

Star 3: Start on Main Planet, and then go to the right until you see a warp pipe. This will take Mario to a sort of "Lava Cave", similar to what is seen in Star 2, where he will be greeted by the Chimp, who challenges Mario to 
bowling. It's really just a lava cave with some lava spires in the way to avoid with a path for Rock Mario that has enough space for the Bowling Pins. Add little platforms for toad's and luma's to be on so they can cheer for
Mario. (Why this is taking place under a volcano is beyond me but it's Mario Galaxy sooo... yes)

Star 4 (Hungry Luma): A hungry luma will be on the Main Planet, at the top of the Metal Tower. After being fed X amount of Star Bits, there will be a lava-rocked platform with a pipe on the top, Mario goes directly into the pipe, and 
then has to do a inverted-camera escape tower with lava rising up. Star will be at the top of the tower. (Take inspiration from Super Mario 64's "Hot-Foot-It Into the Volcano" mission from Lethal Lava Land.)

Star 5: 100 Purple Coins on the Main Planet, with some extra small platforms added in the lava to make the mission a bit more unique. 

Star 6: Speedrun Comet of Star 1, will have bonus clocks and a few added things to make the level more difficult.
